## differenceBetweenImages.py
- Calc the difference between two frames, and save the next frame that difference is less than a threshold

### Requirements
- Python 2.7
- pip install opencv-python==3.4.2.16
- pip install opencv-contrib-python==3.4.2.16
- pip install termcolor
### Optionals
- Change the variable **frame_start** to start the video in a specific frame.
- Change the variable **pathToVideo** to point your video path.
- Change the variable **folderToSave** to point to folder that save the frames.
- Change the variable **thresholdDifference** to change the minimum threshold at compare two frames.


## convertJpgToPng.py
- Convert images into a folder from jpg to png

### Requirements
- Python 3.5
- pip3.5 install --user Pillow==2.2.1
### Optionals
- Change the variable **mypath** to point folder that contains images in jpg format.
- Change the variable **destPath** to point folder that will saved the images in png format.


## getAllImages.py
- Get all images and mask from dataset generated by app.labelbox.com, and put a common name in both.

## Requirements
- Python 3.6
- pip3.6 install --user termcolor
- pip3.6 install python-csv
### Optionals
- Change the variable **pathDataset** to point the dataset path 
- Change the variable **dirImageLabel** to point folder that will saved the originals images.
- Change the variable **dirMaskImage** to point folder that will saved the mask images.
- Change the variable **prefixNameImage** to change the images name prefix
- Change the variable **zerosLeft** quantity of zeros of left in image name


## AdjustMask.py
- Adjust the image mask generate by app.labelbox.com, from transparent and white to red (road) and pink remaining

### Requirements
- Python 3.6
- pip3.5 install --user Pillow==5.2.1
### Optionals
- Change the variable **mypath** to point folder that contains the originals masks 
- Change the variable **destPath** to point folder that will saved the changed mask.
